Hello and welcome to this section of
the advanced Tableau course. You might
be a bit surprised to be seeing scuba
divers swimming around in this tutorial.
But this is actually very relevant to
what we're going to be discussing. You
see these scuba divers are examining the
reef that's directly under them in a lot
of detail. They're going very granular
but at the same time what they're not
seeing is the bigger picture which
you'll see as soon as the drone start
showing up and that's what we're going
to be talking about in this section.
We're going to be discussing level of
detail calculations which our
calculations had bring together
information from different levels of
granularity at the same thing data set. Super
excited to get this section started. Can't wait
to see you in the first tutorial and until then,
happy analyzing.